[UNR-1698][MS] Updating docs regarding receptionistHost command line … (#1431)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/map-travel.md

## Default connection flows
#### Play In Editor Clients

> Launching a [PIE](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/GettingStarted/HowTo/PIE#playineditor) client from the editor will automatically attempt to connect to a local SpatialOS deployment on your machine by using the receptionist flow. It uses the URL `127.0.0.1` This is for quick editing and debugging purposes. The start up PIE client URI can be changed using the command line argument "receptionistHost <URL>". This allows the developer to connect to a non local server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launching a [PIE](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/GettingStarted/HowTo/PIE#playineditor) client from the editor will automatically attempt to connect to a local SpatialOS deployment on your machine by using the receptionist flow. It uses the URL `127.0.0.1` This is for quick editing and debugging purposes. The start up PIE client URI can be changed using the command line argument `receptionistHost <URL>`. This allows the developer to connect to a non local server.
```

Reviewer: >It uses the URL `127.0.0.1` This is for quick editing and debugging purposes.
Looks strange, we should fix this wording as well (this was before your change)

## Default connection flows
#### Play In Editor Clients
Launching a [PIE](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/GettingStarted/HowTo/PIE#playineditor) client from the editor will automatically attempt to connect to a local SpatialOS deployment on your machine using the receptionist flow. 

> By default the PIE client URL is set to `127.0.0.1` (your local machine). To enable connecting to a remote SpatialOS receptionist, the PIE client URL can be changed with the following command line argument: `receptionistHost <URL>`. 

Reviewer: @ernopp 
```suggestion
By default the PIE client URL is set to `127.0.0.1` (your local machine). To enable connecting to a remote SpatialOS receptionist, the PIE client URL can be changed by passing the following command line argument when running the editor: `receptionistHost <URL>`. 
```
